c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.exe
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.pdb
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.exe
c:\users\cert2it\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.pdb
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.exe
I:\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.pdb
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.exe
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.pdb
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
I:\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\floor.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullet.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player-bullet.gif
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.idle.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.run.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.shoot.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mp.png
I:\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pstill.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.exe
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.pdb
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullet.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\floor.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mp.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.idle.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.run.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.shoot.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pstill.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player-bullet.gif
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player.png
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.exe
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.pdb
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\cert2it.AIE.EDU.AU\Desktop\New qwe\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.exe
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.pdb
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\bullet.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\floor.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\mp.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.idle.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.run.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\P.shoot.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\pstill.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player-bullet.gif
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player.png
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.exe
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\sickgame.pdb
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\cert2it\Documents\CERT2\sickgame\sickgame\obj\x86\Debug\sickgame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
